1.gsm
Multiple choice: What is your favorite programming language? 1 C plus plus 2 Java 3 Perl 4 Python 5 Ruby 6 Haskell 7 Erlang 8 Bourne Shell 9 Other

2.gsm
About how many University of Washington Computer Science and Engineering undergraduate students graduate each year 50 100 160 or 250?

3.gsm
How many bits are there in a byte?

4.gsm
Spell the name of the company running this contest on your telephone keypad.

5.gsm
How many bits are there in a Java long?

6.gsm
How many minutes are there in a typical day?

7.gsm
What are the first 9 digits of pi?

8.gsm
What is the HTTP error code for File Not Found?

9.gsm
In what year will the Unix epoch time exceed 32 bits?

10.gsm
When rolling 2 six-sided dice, you should expect to roll a 5 about one roll in every how many rolls?

11.gsm
What is 42 in binary?

12.gsm
How many prime numbers are there between 100 and 1000?

13.gsm
What is the XOR of your phone number and the phone number you called?

14.gsm
What is the first 9 digit prime palindrome in pi?

15.gsm
Consider the shape of a binary tree.  A tree of 2 nodes can have two shapes left leaning and right leaning.  A tree of 3 nodes can have 5 shapes left left, left right, balanced, right left, and right right.  A tree of 4 nodes can have 14 shapes.  How many shapes can a tree of 10 nodes have?

error.gsm
I'm sorry, but we've encountered an internal error.  Sorry!  Please call back again in a few minutes.

congrats.gsm
Congratulations!  You've answered all questions correctly.

sorry.gsm
I'm sorry, I was not able to see your caller i d.  Perhaps you were blocking it? Goodbye.

not_registered.gsm
I'm sorry, I don't recognize your caller i d.  Please register at the Marchex booth before playing.  Goodbye.

press_1.gsm
Press 1 to accept, or 2 to reenter.

welcome.gsm
Welcome to the Marchex University of Washington Career Fair quiz!
Each question will be multiple choice or have numeric answers, and the questions will get progressively more difficult.
Answer each question by using the keypad on your phone, followed by the pound sign.
At any time you may hang up to research or work out the solution.  When you call back, the quiz will resume where you left off.
You must always use the phone you registered with to maintain your progress.
Check the leaderboard at u w dot make history dot com.

true.gsm
Correct!

false.gsm
That was not correct.
